Option 10: Food Pick-up Ordering

A food ordering experience for a single restaurant. Hungry clients of this fictitious restaurant can visit its website,
select one or more dishes and place an order for pick-up. They will receive a notification when their order is ready.

The restaurant and client both need to be notified since this app serves as an intermediary.

When an order is placed the restaurant receives the order via SMS. The restaurant can then specify how long it will take to fulfill it.
Once they provide this information, the website updates for the client and also notifies them via SMS.

You can use a modern telecomm API service such as Twilio to implement SMS communication from the website to the client and restaurant.

For inspiration check out how Ritual works, but keep in mind that's implemented as a native app and serves more than one restaurant.


🍕 USER STORIES - MAIN - CLIENT:
As a user, I want to login and stay logged in for quicker checkouts.
As a user, I don't want to have to re-type my personal information every time I place a new order, because my information was already provided when I created my user account.
As a user, I want to see a menu of dishes with the name of the dish, description, price, image, allergies/vegan/vegetarian, quantity to inform my purchase.
As a user, I want to easily select the dishes I want and add them to my cart effortlessly.
As a user, I'd like to be able to quickly reorder my last order to save time.
As a user, I can select one or more dishes and add them to my cart, because I feel empowered having lots of choices.
As a user, I want to be able to add notes to the order, because sometimes I have special requests/allergies.
As a user, I want to be able to modify my order editing quantities or deleting items.
As a user, I'd like to checkout/pay for my order securely and speedily, because my time is important.
As a user, I want to choose my payment method (cash, credit card, apple pay), because I like to have options.
As a user, I want to specify the tip percentage that I want to give, because I am kind to my local restaurants.
As a user, I want to know how long it's going to take for my food to be ready for pick up before I confirm the order, because my time is important to me.
As a user, I want to be able to see a summary(total and the breakdown) of my order so I'm confident that I'm getting what I ordered.
As a user, I want to receive a confirmation that the restaurant received my order.
As a user, I want to know when my order is ready for pick up.


👨‍🍳 USER STORIES - MAIN - RESTAURANT:
As a user, I want to be notified when a new order has been placed.
As a user, I want to see the oldest orders first.
As a user, I want to see a summary of my orders.
As a user, I want to notify the client when their order is ready for pick up.



USER STORIES - STRETCH:
-Restaurant business
-As a user, I want to be able to select the amount of cutlery, condiments, or napkins.
-Combos
-See most popular items, maybe put most popular items at the top/in it's own section

USER STORIES - CLIENT-SIDE STRETCH:
-Check inventory and warn if inventory is low/0


A user story describes how users will interact with your application
They have the form: As a ___, I want to _, because ____.
eg. As a user, I want to be able to save posts, because I want to review them later.
User stories can also be negated: As a __, I shouldn't be able to _, because ___.
eg. As a user, I shouldn't be able to edit other users posts, because I don't own those posts.


USER SCENARIOS:

A user scenario is a syntactic alternative to user stories
They have the form: Given __, when _, then ____.
eg. Given that I am logged in, when I click favourite on a post, then it is added to my favourites.
You can also chain on an and to user stories/scenarios
eg. Given that I am logged in, when I click favourite on a post, then it is added to my favourites and the save icon will change to indicate success.
